Document UniFi PoE power cycle button (#29952)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifi.markdown

## Button

> Button entities requires admin privileges to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Button entities in UniFi require administrator privileges.
```

Author: I don't think this is an improvement as it is for all button entities from the integration, no need to confuse by referencing what is listed.

Reviewer: Haha, OK, I see your point. To me, it sounded so generic that for a moment, I thought you're saying _All buttons in Home Assistant_ require administrator privileges. This probably sounds absurd to you, but I actually went and checked if something had changed there.

Author: Bad suggestion... UniFi Network button entities requires admin privileges to use.

So maybe like this? No that doesn't improve. I guess context is important :)

Author: ```suggestion
The Button entities will only be available and usable if the integration has an UniFi Network account with administrator privileges.
```
This one is much better, as its also good to point out that the entities are only created if administrator privileges are available.

Reviewer: Love it. So you want me to commit this and merge? Or are you still thinking about it? Asking because you pushed the other commits, but not this one.

Author: I just wanted your opinion first, if you approve we can merge

> The Button entities will only be available and usable if the integration has an UniFi Network account with administrator privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Button entities will only be available and usable if the integration has a UniFi Network account with administrator privileges.
```

### Power cycle PoE

> Use this button entity to cycle power output of a PoE port to cause a connected device to restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Power cycle PoE** button entity to power cycle one specific PoE port to cause the connected device to restart.
```

### Restart UniFi device

> Use this button entity to restart a select UniFi device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Restart UniFi device** button entity to restart the entire UniFi device. This will cause all connected PoE devices to restart.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Use the **Restart UniFi device** button entity to restart the entire UniFi device. In case the device is a PoE switch PoE supply is not affected.
```

> Use the **Restart UniFi device** button entity to restart the entire UniFi device. In case the device is a PoE switch PoE supply is not affected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Restart UniFi device** button entity to restart the entire UniFi device. In case the device is a PoE switch, the PoE supply is not affected.
```
